warframe
//guide
	//start game

		choose beginner warframe

			excalibur
			mag
			volt

		Weapons
		
			melee, higher combo more damage, especialy on heavy hit
			ranged, slain enemies and container drop ammo
			energy, slain enemies drop energy
				recomended mods: Stramline (mod), Fleeting Expertise (mod) (these redice energy costs for abilities)
				
				
		Movement
			bullet jump (crouch jump) or (slide jump)
			aim glide	(aim while in the air) this adds more distance to your jump
	
	// after tutorial what can you do
		Junctions:
			do all junctions, until unlock entire star Chart
	
		Expand mods:
			replace all broken mods
			
			Streamline (mod) (warframe) +30% Ability Efficiency
			Complete low-level Cetus bounties on Earth to get this mod.
			
			Elemental mods (mod) (weapon) +90% Heat, Toxin, Cold, or Electricity damage.
			Complete Junctions and defeat enemies to get these mods.

			Mobilize (mod) (warframe) +20% Parkour Velocity
			Farm Grineer units on Mariana, Earth until they drop the mod.

			Energy Siphon (mod) (warframe) +0.6 Energy per second
			Earn Nightwave Creds and purchase it from Nora Night.

		Farm Boss Fights
			Nearly every boss in Warframe drops components for new weapons or Warframes when slain. Defeat the boss enough times, and you'll earn all the components necessary to craft new items. If you ever want to expand your arsenal, farm the unique boss on each planet.

			If you're new, we highly recommend you farm The Jackal boss fight on Fossa, Venus. This fight will test your parkour skills, introduce you to Parazon finishers, and drop parts for the Rhino Warframe—easily one of the game's best early-game characters. Crafting a Warframe requires a neuroptics, chassis, and systems blueprint. The main blueprint for most Warframes (including Rhino) may be purchased from the in-game market for 25,000 or 35,000 Credits.

		Complete Nightwave Challenges
			Nightwave is Warframe's take on a battle pass that's completely free, no premium pass required.
			Each week, the game will provide ten challenges that grant Nightwave XP when completed. Earn 10,000 Nightwave XP, and you'll progress to the next battle pass rank, unlocking new upgrade materials or exclusive cosmetics. The Nightwave has 30 ranks of rewards and an additional 30 ranks of Nightwave Creds. These Creds may be exchanged for useful upgrade materials, aura mods, and cosmetics in the "Cred Offerings" tab of the Nightwave menu.
		
			We recommend completing as many Nightwave challenges as possible. If you miss a week, completing that week's set of challenges will unlock the previous weekly challenges; there's no FOMO tied to this system. Increasing your Nightwave Rank will grant useful rewards like Warframe and weapon slots, Forma to further enhance your favorite gear, and Nightwave Creds to purchase important upgrades.
		
			Whenever you have Nightwave Creds, purchase the following:
			Orokin Reactor: Install this on your Warframes and companions to double their mod capacity, allowing you to equip far stronger mods.
			Orokin Catalyst: Install this on your weapons to double their mod capacity, allowing you to equip far stronger mods.
			Aura Mods: The silver-colored mods Nora Night sells are Aura mods. These mods give mod energy for your Warframe and a passive to your entire team.
			Steel Charge: Grants +9 mod capacity and +60% increased melee damage.
			Energy Siphon: Grants +7 mod capacity and regenerates 0.6 Energy per second.
			Rejuvenation: Grants +7 mod capacity and regenerates 3 HP per second.
			
		Miscellaneous Things You Should Do
		
			Craft Taxon: Taxon is a Sentinel companion you unlock the blueprint for upon completing the Earth -> Venus Junction. Earn enough materials to craft this Sentinel in your foundry. Taxon slows nearby targets, collects loot for you, and can assist in restoring your shields during combat.
			Join A Clan: Clans grant access to a clan dojo and research labs, allowing you craft dozens of new weapons and a handful of Warframes. Visit the Warframe forums or the in-game recruiting chat to find a clan. Once joined, craft a Clan Key in your foundry to gain access to the clan dojo.
			Increase Your Mastery Rank: Leveling items in Warframe will grant progress toward your next Mastery Rank (MR). Upon earning enough XP by leveling items, you'll be able to start a new Mastery Rank test. Complete these tests whenever possible, and level every item you get to level 30. The more items you level up, the more MR progress you'll make.
			Join A Syndicate: When you reach Mastery Rank 3, you'll get to pledge your loyalty to one of six Syndicates. We recommend aligning with Steel Meridian. Any XP you earn will be converted to Syndicate reputation, allowing you to purchase Warframe augment mods, new weapons, and cosmetics.
			Get Corrupted Mods: Most Deimos missions have Orokin Vaults you can open with Dragon Keys, granting Corrupted Mods when opened. These are some of Warframe's best mods. Look out for Transient Fortitude, Fleeting Expertise, Narrow Minded, and Overextended.
			These mods can also be sold for Platinum to other players.
		
		Weapons:
			Mk-I Bo (MR0): For 12,500 Credits, you can get a powerhouse of a melee weapon. Finish the Venus Junction to get a Stance mod for the Bo. This will carry you until you get the Xoris.
			Vectis (MR2): A sniper rifle that deals great damage. Fire, reload, and repeat. Zoom in with the Vectis and land shots to increase your damage with every shot landed.
			Lex (MR3): A secondary hand cannon that hits like a truck. You only need Credits to get this gun.
			Hek (MR4): A quad-barreled shotgun that deals cataclysmic damage. If you sided with the Steel Meridian Syndicate, you can earn an Augment mod for the Hek that grants 200% multishot, giving it enough firepower to carry you through the entire Star Chart.
			Xoris (MR4): Obtained during "The Deadlock Protocol" quest, this boomerang is the best melee weapon for beginners. Throw it, detonate the weapon midair, and forget.
			Atomas (MR5): A secondary that fires incendiary beams that chain between targets. With a good build, this weapon will clear waves of enemies with ease.
			The "MR" next to each gun refers to the Mastery Rank you need to acquire them
		
		warframe:
			Rhino (Venus Boss): This Warframe drops from The Jackal. He's incredibly tanky, has a great damage buff, and has a solid ultimate ability.
			Zephyr (Clan Dojo): Components are purchased from a clan dojo. Zephyr has excellent mobility, solid survivability, and a powerful ultimate that summons tornados.
			Nezha (Clan Dojo): Components are purchased from a clan dojo. Nezha is effectively a faster version of Rhino.
		
		
		
			
// Mods
	bron: https://www.thegamer.com/warframe-best-beginner-mods/#primed-shred

	Stramline (mod)
	
	
	
	Fleeting Expertise (mod) (nr.2)
		info:
			type:
			warframe
			
			rarity:
			rare // gold
			
			polarity:
			Naramon
		
			max stats:
			+60 ability efficiency
			-60 ability duration
			
			(counter -60 ability duration use
			Primed Continuity (mod)
			Narrow Minded (mod))
		
		Aquire:
		Mission: Orokin Vault, node: any mission node on Deimos except: Cambion Drift, Magnacidium, Exequias and Hyf (you need dragon keys)
		

		info: https://warframe.fandom.com/wiki/Fleeting_Expertise
	
	Vacuum (mod) (companion) (nr.1)
	
		info:
			type:
			Robotic
	
			rarity: 
			common // bronze
			
			polarity:
			Penjaga
	
			max stats:
			11.5m Companion Gather-Link, Detects and collects items, including mods.
		
		Aquire:
		Every time you claim a Sentinal from your foundry
	
		info:https://warframe.fandom.com/wiki/Vacuum
	
	or
	
	Fetch (mod) (companion) (nr.1)
	
		info:
		
			type:
			Beast
			
			rarity:
			uncommon // silver
		
			polarity:
			Penjaga
		
			max stats:
			13.5m Companion Gather-Link, Detects and collects items, including mods.
		
		Aquire:
		Transmutation
		enemy drops:
		mainly Corpus hyena on Venus, 
			open world: Orb Vallis (map)
			deployed during Assassination bounties by:
				Corpus Supra Target
				Corpus Trencher Target
				Corpus Sniper Target
				Corpus Cestra Target
			Spawns with Phase 2: Profit-Taker Heist (vox solaris):
				Sentient Research Director
				Armaments Director
				Vivisect Director
		
		info:https://warframe.fandom.com/wiki/Fetch
	
		
		
		
		
Links		
transmutation:
https://warframe.fandom.com/wiki/Transmutation

beginner guide:
https://www.thegamer.com/warframe-beginner-mods-weapons-upgrades/

Best 15 mods:
https://www.thegamer.com/warframe-best-beginner-mods/#elemental-damage-mods

manouvers:
https://warframe.fandom.com/wiki/Maneuvers